Clean updated Docker topics for Docker-1.0.0 (#6406)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-containers-cli.md

All build and deploy processes are defined and configured using {{site.data.var.ct}} and the Magento Cloud template.

## CLI container commands

> These commands are available in the Magento Cloud Docker environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands are available in the Magento Cloud Docker environment:
```

All build and deploy processes are defined and configured using {{site.data.var.ct}} and the Magento Cloud template.

## CLI container commands

> These commands are available in any of the containers.

Author: Not sure where this came from. Perhaps it should say "These commands are available in the Docker environment."

| mftf-command | deploy | Used to run MFTF command for testing
| run-cron | cron | Used to run cron jobs

> To explore what any of the commands are doing, review the scripts in the [Magento Cloud Docker GitHub repository][scripts].

Author: ```suggestion
To understand the processing for each command, review the scripts in the [Magento Cloud Docker GitHub repository][scripts].
```

## Build container

Container name |Docker base image
-------- | -------- |
build | [magento/magento-cloud-docker-php], which is based on the Docker [php] image

The build container mimics the behavior of the Magento Cloud build process so that testing the build  and deploy process is as close to testing in production as possible.

> You can use the build container to run commands manually to recreate steps from the build process. For example, you can run the following command to deploy static content.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also run build commands manually from the build container to perform individual steps from the build process. For example, you can run the following command to deploy static content.
```

The cron container runs the scheduled cron jobs automatically. You can also use it to run cron jobs manually.

{:.procedure}
To view the cron log:

```bash
docker-compose run deploy bash -c "cat /app/var/cron.log"
```

-  The `setup:cron:run` and `cron:update` commands are not available on Cloud and Docker for Cloud environments
-  Cron only works with the CLI container to run the `./bin/magento cron:run` command

{:.procedure}
To run cron jobs manually:

```bash
docker-compose run cron /usr/local/bin/php bin/magento cron:run
```

### Disable the cron container

If cron runs cause performance problems, you can prevent the cron container from running automatically by adding following snippet to your `docker-compose.override.yml` file.

```yaml
cron:
  entrypoint: "bash -c"
```

After disabling the cron container, use docker compose to run cron jobs manually.

## Deploy container

Container name |Docker base image
-------- | --------
deploy | [magento/magento-cloud-docker-php], which is based on the [php] Docker image

This deploy container mimics the Magento Cloud deploy process so that testing the build and deploy process is as close to testing in production as possible.

> You can also run build and deploy commands manually from the deploy container. For example, the following commands reindexes the Magento store:

Author: ```suggestion

You can also run build and deploy commands manually from the deploy container. For example, the following command reindexes the Magento store:
```

| mftf-command | deploy | Used to run MFTF command for testing
| run-cron | cron | Used to run cron jobs

To understand the processing for each command, review the scripts in the [Magento Cloud Docker GitHub repository][scripts].

## Build container

Container name |Docker base image
-------- | -------- |
build | [magento/magento-cloud-docker-php], which is based on the Docker [php] image

The build container mimics the behavior of the Magento Cloud build process so that testing the build  and deploy process is as close to testing in production as possible.

You can also run build commands manually from the build container to perform individual steps from the build process. For example, you can run the following command to deploy static content.

```bash
docker-compose run build magento-command setup:static-content:deploy
```

## Cron container

> Container name |Docker base image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container name | Docker base image
```

-------- | -------- |
cron | [magento/magento-cloud-docker-php], which is based on the Docker [php] image

The Cron container is based on PHP-CLI images, and executes operations in the background immediately after the Docker environment starts. This container uses the cron configuration defined in the [`crons` property of the `.magento.app.yaml` file]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-conf-files_magento-app.html#crons). This container has no custom configuration.

The cron container runs the scheduled cron jobs automatically. You can also use it to run cron jobs manually.

> {:.procedure}

Reviewer: The problem with procedure is it requires ordered steps.

To view the cron log:

```bash
docker-compose run deploy bash -c "cat /app/var/cron.log"
```

-  The `setup:cron:run` and `cron:update` commands are not available on Cloud and Docker for Cloud environments
-  Cron only works with the CLI container to run the `./bin/magento cron:run` command

{:.procedure}
To run cron jobs manually:

```bash
docker-compose run cron /usr/local/bin/php bin/magento cron:run
```

### Disable the cron container

> If cron runs cause performance problems, you can prevent the cron container from running automatically by adding following snippet to your `docker-compose.override.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If cron runs cause a performance problem, you can prevent the cron container from running automatically by adding the following snippet to your `docker-compose.override.yml` file:
```

```yaml
cron:
  entrypoint: "bash -c"
```

> After disabling the cron container, use docker compose to run cron jobs manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After disabling the cron container, use `docker-compose` to run cron jobs manually.
```

## Deploy container

> Container name |Docker base image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container name | Docker base image
```

-------- | --------
deploy | [magento/magento-cloud-docker-php], which is based on the [php] Docker image

> This deploy container mimics the Magento Cloud deploy process so that testing the build and deploy process is as close to testing in production as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deploy container mimics the Magento Cloud deploy process so that testing the build and deploy process is as close to testing in production as possible.
```

> You can also run build and deploy commands manually from the deploy container. For example, the following command reindexes the Magento store:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run `build` and `deploy` commands manually from the deploy container. The following example reindexes the Magento store:
```

```bash
docker-compose run build magento-command index:reindex
```

## Node container

> Container name |Docker base image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container name | Docker base image
```

-------- | --------
node | [node]

> The Node container is based on the [official Node Docker image][node]. You can use the container to install NPM dependencies, such as Gulp, or run any Node-based command line tools.

Reviewer: This sentence capitalized node, but the other container sentences did not capitalize the container name. It's fine to leave it if it refers to a proper name, but just pointing it out in case.
